c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloseEnoughEquality\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests.dll
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloseEnoughEquality\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests.pdb
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloseEnoughEquality\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\obj\Debug\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloseEnoughEquality\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\obj\Debug\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests.dll
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloseEnoughEquality\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\obj\Debug\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests.pdb
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloseEnoughEquality\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.dll
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloseEnoughEquality\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.dll
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloseEnoughEquality\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.core.dll
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloseEnoughEquality\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.dll
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloseEnoughEquality\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.pdb
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloseEnoughEquality\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.xml
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloseEnoughEquality\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.core.pdb
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloseEnoughEquality\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.core.xml
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloseEnoughEquality\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.pdb
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloseEnoughEquality\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.xml
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloseEnoughEquality\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.visualstudio.testadapter.dll
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloseEnoughEquality\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.utility.desktop.dll
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloseEnoughEquality\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\CloseEnoughEquality.dll
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloseEnoughEquality\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\CloseEnoughEquality.pdb
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloseEnoughEquality\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.dll
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloseEnoughEquality\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.dll
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloseEnoughEquality\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.pdb
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloseEnoughEquality\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.xml
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloseEnoughEquality\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.pdb
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloseEnoughEquality\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.xml
C:\Users\ian\Source\Repos\CloseEnoughEquality\src\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.visualstudio.testadapter.dll
C:\Users\ian\Source\Repos\CloseEnoughEquality\src\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.utility.desktop.dll
C:\Users\ian\Source\Repos\CloseEnoughEquality\src\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.dll
C:\Users\ian\Source\Repos\CloseEnoughEquality\src\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests.dll
C:\Users\ian\Source\Repos\CloseEnoughEquality\src\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\ian\Source\Repos\CloseEnoughEquality\src\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\CloseEnoughEquality.dll
C:\Users\ian\Source\Repos\CloseEnoughEquality\src\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.dll
C:\Users\ian\Source\Repos\CloseEnoughEquality\src\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.dll
C:\Users\ian\Source\Repos\CloseEnoughEquality\src\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.dll
C:\Users\ian\Source\Repos\CloseEnoughEquality\src\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.core.dll
C:\Users\ian\Source\Repos\CloseEnoughEquality\src\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.dll
C:\Users\ian\Source\Repos\CloseEnoughEquality\src\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\CloseEnoughEquality.pdb
C:\Users\ian\Source\Repos\CloseEnoughEquality\src\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.pdb
C:\Users\ian\Source\Repos\CloseEnoughEquality\src\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.xml
C:\Users\ian\Source\Repos\CloseEnoughEquality\src\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.pdb
C:\Users\ian\Source\Repos\CloseEnoughEquality\src\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.xml
C:\Users\ian\Source\Repos\CloseEnoughEquality\src\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.pdb
C:\Users\ian\Source\Repos\CloseEnoughEquality\src\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.xml
C:\Users\ian\Source\Repos\CloseEnoughEquality\src\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.core.pdb
C:\Users\ian\Source\Repos\CloseEnoughEquality\src\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.core.xml
C:\Users\ian\Source\Repos\CloseEnoughEquality\src\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.pdb
C:\Users\ian\Source\Repos\CloseEnoughEquality\src\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.xml
C:\Users\ian\Source\Repos\CloseEnoughEquality\src\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\obj\Debug\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ian\Source\Repos\CloseEnoughEquality\src\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\obj\Debug\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests.dll
C:\Users\ian\Source\Repos\CloseEnoughEquality\src\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests\obj\Debug\CloseEnoughEquality.Tests.pdb
